DOCSP-40094: Clarify MongoClient.close() behavior (#898)
mongodb/docs-node: source/faq.txt

When ``MongoClient.close()`` is called by any request, the driver
closes all idle sockets and closes all sockets that are in
use as they are returned to the pool. Calling ``MongoClient.close()``

> closes only inactive sockets and does not actively terminate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
closes only inactive sockets and does not directly terminate
```

> any ongoing operations. The driver closes in-use sockets only when
> the operation completes. However, the ``MongoClient.close()`` method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any ongoing operations. The driver closes any in-use sockets only when
the associated operations complete. However, the ``MongoClient.close()`` method 
```

any ongoing operations by using this method. The driver closes these
sockets only when the process completes.

> .. note::

Reviewer: S: I think you should clip the last few sentences from the preceding paragraph and combine them into this note. Right now, the paragraph says 

> Calling MongoClient.close() closes only inactive sockets, so you cannot interrupt or terminate any ongoing operations by using this method. The driver closes these sockets only when the process completes.

But then this note contradicts that point. Maybe the combined content could express the following points:
- Calling MongoClient.close() closes only inactive sockets
- It also closes existing sessions and txns
- So, even though you might not impact operations by closing a socket, you might impact an operation occurring in a transaction
